Well, I'm going to ask you a question, does it
sound like you've heard or that
you and I have talked about it here
that Marta riesgo was offered
survivors, she told me that,
okay, but here we have talked about it, no, yes, and
I think that I don't know if with you, but I have
even said the amount, I have given it
here, that voice doesn't sound familiar to me about the
amount. But what I do know: Well, I don't know
what amount you talked about, but Marta
riesgo, to me, well, the day we
were at the Rocío Flores conference, she
told me that she had been offered it again,
even asked for it because she would be
one of the great assets at the level of a
television personality for this edition and it
's true. I think she should go. I
also think she should go and I think that
there are more people who have been
offered it who should go, but that's
my business. You know, but I'm not telling you about
that, Beto, you see. And of course, there's
a YouTuber, Diego Arrabal, I'm going to say his
name. Because I'm not good at doing
indirect things, he said yesterday or the day
before yesterday, like an exclusive
that Marta Diego had been offered
survivors.  and that he has had on the
table for two weeks the biggest contract
that was offered to anyone and the fact is that we
have said that Here it has been a month I think I think I
said it
more or less
yes a month more or less When was the Barcelona thing
in Congress it has been two months
already I also tell you in two or three
weeks or a week or so I said it
because it came to me it came to me and I said it to
Marta at risk they have offered her a
survivor
We talked more or less about double I said I do
n't know if I said 50,000 or I said
much more
than what they paid Rocío Flores almost
double and a lot of times man I
tell you one thing, I mean eh I don't
know those figures I could also find
out but yes it is true that
obviously the biggest contract is
impossible because it is Isabel Pantoja she
took
80,000 euros a week she had some
conditions she was the only one who could smoke
the only one who could do whatever she wanted
basically the only one and man
and I know it because colleagues just like me I
talk a thousand times with Kiko about that subject and
Kiko told me Marina I swear it is  that we did
n't try no no I mean Smurf Where is it Oh
Smurf it's not her birthday today no
from Who was it the other day today it's not time to
sing it to anyone
she had special conditions like
eat eat smoke eat no because she
can't smoke without eating no Of course but what
I know is that she did
have a man and so she had a series
of concessions that others obviously didn't have
and I would also do it as the
person who hires her man not to have
Isabel Pantoja generating those with theme
come on it was historic that was historic It
is true that Marta's trump card right now
but not because of the character of
Marta itself What she can contribute
as Marta entity that also because she is
very good at the television level but of
course you know what happens right now
she being well between quotes with
Antonio David with all clear Imagine
what happened tomorrow they definitively break up
Marte and Antonio David Marta's cache
goes up because that implies that
Marta would tell if she accepts everything she has
lived in that family which is what all of
Spain wants to know you know what I
want to tell you well it
seems to me  that Marta no I'm
sorry Uh I don't have any problem
with anyone but it seems to me that Marc I'm not
saying it's true or anything like that
but it seems to me that Marta doesn't
accept for fear that things won't
be the same when I
see her again It's also a possibility
we know that she is very they she is
insecure she has her fears her such and
I yes it is true Well Olga accepted
Olga accepted and when she came back a little
later well reality check
Also my God that Olga sets some
conditions that I yes I often
tell myself with how unstable
the mind is all at once and such she sets
some conditions
that I don't know if I would have been able to
fight Like nobody it was a brutal contest
and the return was a milk that I hope you
can it's that you can't reject an
offer of 50,000 bucks a week no
but apart There you are distrusting let's see she has
been has been very
harmed or rather has been harmed
by being with Antonio David on a
professional level before being with
Antonio David she was a collaborator
for me she is quite good such and so yes it
is true that this has
relegated her not to  a background because you are not
more nor are you less but it is
true that well he has
won some things and has in others
So I don't know if Antonio David
What do you say Well Marta is Marta but I do
n't know if he would be happy because later
we are going to talk about forgiveness for this
weekend of Marta's party that just like you
I also have my opinion
Okay Look if you like we can splice it we
can splice it with that he does splice it
well let's see for me the thing about you will splice
partying
without sleeping totally
Almost almost what I did last Sunday no that
is almost I said it last Sunday
what you have to do Well I'll
tell you later
How good No how good you had the
weekend no no yes no But it has been
long eh since Friday Saturday Sunday it has
been like super full of bingo
well well well well well
the weekend does start like
Fridays and just like you
develop it no then another day comes
after the next one you say Wow how
cool it's incredible incredible the truth is I am
very interested in your weekend
Hey
[Music]